Add support generate extensions for openapi generator. (#1796)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-openapi: src/main/docs/guide/openApiGeneratorExtensions.adoc

> Micronaut OpenPI can add extensions to more accurate code generation, use link:https://openapi-generator.tech/[OpenAPI Generator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Micronaut OpenAPI can add extensions to the generated specification to produce more accurate code generation when using link:https://openapi-generator.tech/[OpenAPI Generator].
```

To enable the addition of extensions to the final OpenAPI specification, you need to add the following property:

[source,properties]
----
micronaut.openapi.generator.extensions.enabled=true
----

> Currently, we supported next extensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the following extensions are supported:
```

.Supported extensions
[caption=,cols=".^3a,.^4a,.^4a"]
|===
| Extension | Scope | Description

> | `*x-deprecated-message*` | `Schema`, `Parameter`, `Operation` | Text from javadoc with tag `@deprecated`. For Kotlin this text got from annotation value argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `*x-deprecated-message*` | `Schema`, `Parameter`, `Operation` | Text from the javadoc with tag `@deprecated`. For Kotlin this text is retrieved from annotation value argument
```
